chore(readme): change defaults and mention free tier (#7)
eidam/cf-workers-status-page: README.md

* A workers domain set up
* The Workers Bundled subscription \($5/mo\)

>     * [With KV Free Tier its free to try now!](https://blog.cloudflare.com/workers-kv-free-tier/) We are working on optimizations so it will completely fit in Free Tier for 5 minutes checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [Try it now with the free tier!](https://blog.cloudflare.com/workers-kv-free-tier/) Stay tuned while we make some changes so it will completely fit in the Free Tier with a 5min check interval.
```
